Check the settings for the Pandora app
What's a good restaurant in Los Angeles?
Show me some nice wallpapers for my computer
Play the new Bruno Mars video on YouTube
How do I get to the nearest Verizon Store?
What's the latest video from GameSpot Reviews?
How much does the Samsung TV cost?
Check the settings for the YouTube app
What's a good restaurant in Denver?
Search for 5 star sushi restaurants on Maps
What's a good restaurant in New Jersey?
Check the settings for the Facebook app
Where can I buy a nice beach hat?
Play the latest video from the Wall Street Journal
Google the capital of Colombia
Play the new Taylor Swift video on YouTube
What's on the menu at Cheesecake Factory?
How do I get to the nearest grocery store?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Chinese Yuan?
What's the weather like in Hong Kong?
What is the price of a 12' ladder at Home Depot?
What's the news this week?
How do I get to the nearest IKEA?
Check the settings for the Google Play Movies app
What's the news in Malaysia?
What's the weather like in Johannesburg?
Search for good Indian restaurants
Search for flights from NYC to Mexico city
How big is the sun?
Open Reddit
What is the capital of Germany?
Search for flights from NYC to San Francisco
Search for flights from Sydney to Buenos aires
What's a good restaurant near me?
What's the latest video from GameSpot Trailers?
What's a good restaurant in Seattle?
What's the latest tech news?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the South Korean Won?
Install the News app
Check my email
Search for flights from Zurich to Helsinki
Search for top rated sushi restaurant
Play the latest video from the New York Times
What is the average speed of a car?
What's the price of the Galaxy phone on eBay?
Find a nice sofa on eBay
What is the capital of China?
Install the Pandora app
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Washington DC?
Search for a new lipgloss
How big is a blue whale?
Check the settings for the Spotify app
Search for flights from Barcelona to Mexico city
How do I get to the nearest Apple Store?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the British Pound?
Search for flights from Tokyo to Mexico city
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Atlanta?
Open a new incognito window in the chrome app
Check the settings for the Google Play Store app
Install the Calendar app
What's the latest video from GameXplain?
Search for top rated sushi restaurants on Maps
What's the news in Indonesia?
Set an alarm for 3pm
Show me some nice wallpapers for my phone
Search for hotels in Las Vegas
What's the price of the TCL TV?
How big is the earth?
Google the capital of Uruguay
Open the Google play store app
What's the news in Myanmar?
How far is the moon?
What's the news today?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Chicago?
What is the speed of a skateboard?
What's the price of the new iPhone on eBay?
What's the top post on reddit today?
What's the news in Puerto Rico?
Open the play store
Play the latest video from the Washington Post
Search for flights from Helsinki to Seoul
Search for flights from Seoul to Mexico city
What's the weather like in Moscow?
How do I get to the nearest JCPenney?
What's on the menu at Domino's?
What's a good restaurant in Atlanta?
Search for good Thai restaurants
Search for a new blush
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Seattle?
Install the Twitter app
What's the news this afternoon?
Search for a new foundation (skincare) product
Open a new Chrome incognito tab
Search for good Italian restaurants on Maps
Play the new Beyonce video on YouTube
Search for flights from NYC to Tokyo
Find the nearest electronics store that's open now
What's the weather like in Seoul?
Show me my notifications
Install the Instagram app
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Brazilian Real?
What's a good restaurant in San Francisco?
How do I get to the nearest Home Depot?
Install the CNN app
Search for a new eyeshadow
Find coffee shops on Maps
Search for top rated seafood restaurants on Google Maps
Search for the best Mexican restaurants
Set an alarm for 2pm
Open a new incognito window in Chrome
What are the best selling refrigerators at Home Depot?
What's the news in Singapore?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Houston?
Search for hotels in Paris
Install the ESPN app
Search for good Chinese restaurants
What's the latest news in space science?
What's the time in New York?
What's on the menu at Red Lobster?
What time is it in Moscow?
Google the capital of Panama
Show me some nice wallpapers for my laptop
What's a good restaurant in Boston?
What time is it in Beijing?
What time is it in Sydney?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Denver?
Search for flights from Tokyo to NYC
Search for the best burger restaurants on Maps
Play the new Ariana Grande video on YouTube
How much does the Vizio TV cost?
What's the price of the new iPhone
Search for good pizza restaurants on Maps
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Chicago?
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Australian Dollar?
Search for a new eyeliner
How do I get to the nearest AT&T Store?
What's the news in Paraguay?
What's the latest news in tech?
Search for flights from Zurich to Buenos aires
Search for hotels in San Diego
Set an alarm for 10am
Search for good Italian restaurants
Open a new Chrome incognito window
Open the contacts
What's the weather like in Mexico City?
Find the nearest electronics store that's open tomorrow
Set an alarm for 8pm
What's the news in Suriname?
Search for a new eyeshadow on Sephora
What's the price of the 1000-Watt EGO Power+ Snow Blower?
Where can I buy a nice beach bag?
Open a new window in the chrome app
What's the news in Trinidad and Tobago?
What is the speed of a jet?
Check the settings for the Google Photos app
What's the news this weekend?
How do I get to the nearest Best Buy?
What's the news in the Philippines?
What's the weather like inToronto?
What's the latest video from GameSpot eSports?
What is the capital of Spain?
What is the capital of Japan?
What's a goodrestaurant in Austin?
Search for flights from NYC to Barcelona
Check my email inbox
Search for hotels in Miami
What's on the menu at Denny's?
What is the capital of India?
What's the news in Cambodia?
What's on the menu at Panera?
Search for hotels in Buenos aires
What is the capital of Brazil?
Google the capital of Peru
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Tokyo
Search for flights from NYC to London
What's the top post on reddit right now?
What time is it?
Toggle notifications for the Google Photos app
What's on the menu at Chipotle?
Search for flights from Helsinki to Tokyo
Open the calendar and show me this week's events?
What's the latest news in space exploration?
What's the latest video from IGN?
What's the latest news in cosmology?
What's the news in South Korea?
What's on the menu at Chick-fil-A?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Seattle
Open a new private window in Chrome
Play the new Ed Sheeran video on YouTube
Open a new incognito tab in Chrome
What's the latest news in astrophysics?
What is the speed of sound?
Search for good BBQ restaurants
Search for hotels in Los Angeles
What time is it in San Francisco?
Check the settings for the Amazon Prime Video app
Play the new Justin Bieber video on YouTube
What is the capital of France?
Search for a new perfume
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Euro?
How big is a giraffe?
What's on the menu at Subway?
What's the latest technology news?
What is the capital of Switzerland?
What's the news in Venezuela?
Search for a new blush on Sephora
What's the news in Bolivia?
Search for hotels in San Francisco
Check the settings for the Google Play Books app
Searchfor good French restaurants
What's the news about the US president?
What's the news in Pakistan?
What's the news in Argentina?
Search for good Greek restaurants
How do I get to the nearest Burger King?
What's the news in Taiwan?
What's a good restaurant in Sacramento?
Where can I buy a nice beach sandals?
What time is it in London?
What's the news this evening?
How do I get to the nearest Starbucks?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Denver?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Boston
What's the latest video from Game Informer?
Search for hotels in New York
Check the settings for the Uber app
What is the capital of England?
Search for hotels in Philadelphia
Where can I buy a nice beach blanket?
Open the settings
What's the latest video from GameSpot?
What's a good restaurant in Miami?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Austin?
Search for flights from San Francisco to Tokyo
How do I get to the nearest Subway?
Where can I buy a nice beach towel?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Indian Rupee?
What's on the menu at Starbucks?
What's a good restaurant in New York?
Toggle notifications for the Google Maps app
Search for hotels in Atlanta
Open the calendar app
What's the news in Chile?
Install the eBay app
Where can I buy a nice beach chair?
Google the capital of Chile
What's a good restaurant in Chicago?
Install the Amazon app
Search for hotels in Sydney
What's the time in San Francisco?
Open the downloads
What's a good restaurant in Phoenix?
Search for flights from Chicago to London
What's the weather like in Beijing?
What's the news about the US stock market?
Play the new Maroon 5 video on YouTube
Search for flights from NYC to San Diego
What's the news in the Bahamas?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Atlanta?
What's the price of the Vizio TV?
Open the files app
Search for good Japanese restaurants
Install the Lyft app
What's the news about the US economy?
What's the news in Barbados?
Check the settings for the Lyft app
Find the nearest grocery store
What's the news in Brazil?
What's the news in Colombia?
How do I get to the nearest Target?
What's on the menu at Papa Murphy's?
What's the news in Nepal?
Open a new tab in Chrome
How much does a 2x4x8 board cost at Lowes?
What's on the menu at Five Guys?
How big is a tiger?
What's on the menu at McDonalds?
What's the news in Japan?
What's the weather like in Los Angeles?
Checkthe settings for the Amazon Prime Music app
Search for hotels in Mexico city
Play the new Selena Gomez video on YouTube
Install the Starbucks app
What's the speed of light?
Set an alarm for 1pm
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in New York?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the Japanese Yen?
Open a new private tab in Chrome
Search for flights from San Diego to Seattle
What's the news in Vietnam?
What's the weather like in Tokyo?
Search for a new highlighter
How much does the HisenseTV cost?
Check the settings for the Amazon Shopping app
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Dallas?
What's the news in theFalkland Islands?
How do I get to the nearest T-Mobile Store?
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Helsinki
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Boston?
Open a new private window in the chrome app
What's on my calendar for the rest of the week?
WHat are the new products by Samsung on eBay?
What's the price of the 2x4x8 boards at Home Depot?
Search for the best pizza restaurants on Maps
What's the latest news in astronomy?
Search for flights from NYC to Chicago
Search for hotels in Austin
Search for top rated pizza restaurants on Maps
How big is the moon?
What's the latest video from GameSpot News?
What's the weather like in London?
Check the settings for the Netflix app
What's on the menu at In-N-Out?
Set an alarm for 6am
What time is it in New York?
What's the price of the EGO 14-in 56-Volt Brushless Cordless Chainsaw?
Where can I buy a nice beach tote?
Search for flights from Mexico city to Sydney
Play the new Demi Lovato video on YouTube
How do I get to the nearest McDonalds?
What's the news in Ecuador?
Set an alarm for 7pm
What are the best selling refrigerators at Lowes?
Search for flights from Buenos aires to Seoul
Search for flights from London to Paris
Install the Google app
Check my gmail
Open the calendar
How big is a lion?
Search for a new skincare product
Search for flights from NYC to Sydney
What's the latest video from Gameranx?
What is the speed of a plane?
What's on the menu at Pizza Hut?
Search for hotels in Denver
Search for hotels in NYC
What's the latest news in space technology?
Who is the prime minister of Canada?
What's on the menu at Burger King?
Install the Uber app
Open the calculator
Search for flights from Seoul to Barcelona
Check the settings for the Twitter app
What's the weather like in Rio de Janeiro?
Open the music app
What's the news in Bangladesh?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Miami?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Austin?
Google the capital of Paraguay
Where can I buy a nice beach cooler?
Open a new Chrome tab
Set an alarm for 7am
Search for flights from NYC to Paris
What's the news this morning?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Boston?
Play the latest video from the BBC
Set an alarmfor 5pm
What's on the menu at Olive Garden?
Search for top rated burger restaurants on Google Maps
How do I get to the nearest Sprint Store?
How do I get to the nearest Chipotle?
Search for vegetarian restaurants on Maps
What's the price of the Galaxy phone?
Google the capital of the United States
What's the weather like in Delhi?
Find a good burger place on Maps
What are the new products by Samsung?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Philadelphia?
What's the news in India?
Where can I buy a nice beach umbrella?
Where can I buy a nice beach tent?
What's a good restaurant in Portland?
Search for a good pizza place on Maps
What's the price of the Hisense TV?
Search for flights from NYC to Buenos aires
What's the US dollar exchange rateagainst the Swiss Franc?
What is the capital of Mexico?
How do I get to the nearest Lowe's?
Install the Yahoo app
What does the iPhone 8 look like?
Search for hotels in Boston
What's the weather like in Paris?
Check the settings for the Google Play Music app
What's a good restaurant in San Diego?
Search for a new mascara on Sephora
What is the speed of a rocket?
What is the price of a 12' ladder at Lowes?
What's the weather like in Sydney?
What is the speed of light?
What's the price of the Samsung TV?
What's the news in Thailand?
What's on my calendar for the rest of the month?
What's the news in Guyana?
Google the capital of Brazil
What's the latest news in planetary science?
Search for flights from Boston to Zurich
What is the speed of a tiger?
What is the speed of a train?
Check the settings for the Instagram app
Set an alarm for 4pm
What is the capital of Canada?
Google the capital of Ecuador
Google the capital of Mexico
Find the nearest electronics store that's open
Set an alarm for 8am
What's the weather like in Singapore?
Search for flights from Barcelona to Boston
Search for a new hair product
Open a new Chrome private window
Search for flights from Mexico city to Zurich
Open the gallery
What is the capital of the United Kingdom?
Search for hotels in Zurich
How do I get to the nearest Walmart?
What's on the menu at Papa John's?
Search for a new nail polish
What's the news in Peru?
What's a good restaurant in Dallas?
Go to Reddit
What's US dollar exchange rateagainst the Mexican Peso?
Google the capital of Venezuela
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Washington DC?
What's the top post on reddit?
Search for flights from Boston to Sydney
Google the capital of Bolivia
What's a good restaurant in San Jose?
What time is it in Berlin?
What's the news?
Open the calculator app
Open a new tab in the chrome app
What time is it in Los Angeles?
How much does the new iPad cost?
How do I get to the nearest Macy's?
What's on the menu at IHOP?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Los Angeles?
What's the latest news in space?
Search for a new mascara
What's on Reddit today
Set an alarm for 6pm
Search for flights from Tokyo to Seoul
Open the camera
Check the settings for the Google Maps app
What's the news in China?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in San Francisco?
What's the news about the US dollar?
Play the latest video from the Huffington Post
Open a new window in Chrome
Check my gmail inbox
Turn off notifications for the Google Maps app
What's on Reddit
Install the Weather app
Install the Wikipedia app
Install the Yelp app
What's the US dollar exchange rate against the Canadian Dollar?
What's a good restaurant in Houston?
What is the capital of Italy?
How much does the new iPad cost on eBay?
What's a good restaurant in Philadelphia?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Houston?
What's the news in the Dominican Republic?
How much does the LG TV cost?
Search for hotels in Orlando
Search for a new foundation on Sephora
Play some music on YouTube
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Los Angeles?
Open a new Chrome window
How big is the universe?
What's the news about the US dollar exchange rate?
What time is it in Tokyo?
How much does a3 bedroom apartment rent for in Portland?
Search for a new lipstick on Sephora
What's the weather like in San Francisco?
What's the news about the US?
Open the SMS app
Search for hotels in Chicago
What's on the menu at Taco Bell?
Open the clock
Search for hotels in Washington DC
What's the news in Laos?
Search for hotels in Seattle
What is the capital of Argentina?
What's the weather like in Chicago?
Install the Reddit app
Check the settings for the Amazon Alexa app
What's the weather like in New York?
Search for hotels in Tokyo
Check the settings for the Google Chrome app
Turn on notifications for the Google Maps app
Open the clock app
Install the Spotify app
Set an alarm for 11am
Set an alarm for 12pm
How do I get to the nearest Nordstrom?
Search for hotels in London
Who is the president of France?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Miami?
Show me some nice wallpapers for my desktop
How much does the Sony TV cost?
How much does the TCL TV cost?
What's on Reddit this week
What's the news in French Guiana?
Find the nearest electronics store that's open today
What's the news in Brunei?
Search for top rated burger restaurants on Maps
Show me some nice wallpapers for my tablet
Who is the president of the United States?
What's the price of the Sony TV?
Install the Facebook app
What's the time?
What's a good restaurant in Las Vegas?
What is the capital of Sweden?
Google the capital of Argentina
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Philadelphia?
How do I get to the nearest electronics store?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in New York?
Set an alarm for 9am
Check the settings for the Amazon Music app
What's the news in Jamaica?
Open a new incognito tab in the chrome app
Search for good Korean restaurants
What's the weather like in Mumbai?
What's the latest video from GameTrailers?
What time is it in Paris?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Portland?
What does the iPhone 8 look like on eBay?
Play the new Drake video on YouTube
What is the speed of a cheetah?
Open the contacts app
Search for flights from Sydney to Zurich
What's the news in Uruguay?
Search for flights from Sydney to Helsinki
Search for a new bronzer
What's the news this month?
How big is a dinosaur?
Who is the prime minister of the United Kingdom?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Seattle?
What's the news in Sri Lanka?
Open a new Chrome private tab
How old is the earth?
What's the price of the LG TV?
Play the new Katy Perry video on YouTube
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in San Francisco?
What is the capital of Norway?
Google the capital of Canada
What is the speed of a bicycle?